the starving Palestinians in Gaza are
afraid that food shortages will worsen
after the most recent attack on Aid
workers the founder of the aid group
that was attacked World Central Kitchen
says Israel's killing of seven of its
staff in Gaza was not a mistake rather
it was a systematic targeting of their
Convoy three consecutive air strikes
attacked the workers vehicles on Monday
despite the Israelis being told where
and when they were going the UN says
it's suspending the nighttime movement
of Aid in Gaza for 48 hours foll that
because of security concerns hhari is in
nerat in central Gaza and she explains
what the latest attack on Aid workers
means for Palestinians desperately in
need of
food I'm currently standing in front of
the world Central kitchen's main
Warehouse in the middle area of the Gaza
Strip as you see the warehouse closed it
doors after the Israeli forces targeted
seven Aid workers working in the world
World Central Kitchen this place was a
place where all of the people who
evacuated from the north to the South
would come here they would feed them
they would give them food parcels and
they would offer them food
assistance this place and this
organization used to work locally with
more than 60 kitchens and provide
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
with hot meals every single day at least
190 Aid workers have been killed since
October 7 and Israel's Target on the
world Central Kitchen is not only a
Target on Aid worker but it's also
helping more famine and starvation in
the gazal Strip This is hind Al jaaz
Alat